apps/contracts/README.md, before:

# Bleu NFT Staking Contract

This directory contains the smart contract implementation for the Bleu NFT staking challenge. The contract allows users to mint NFTs and stake/unstake them.

## Key Features

- ERC721 NFT implementation (`BleuNFT`)
- Minting functionality
- Staking/Unstaking capabilities
- Event emissions for tracking state changes

## Contract Architecture

The main contract `BleuNFT` inherits from OpenZeppelin's ERC721 and implements:

- `mint()`: Allows users to mint new NFTs
- `stake()`: Enables NFT staking
- `unstake()`: Allows withdrawal of staked NFTs

## Development Tools

This project uses Foundry for development and testing:

- **Forge**: Testing framework
- **Cast**: Contract interaction tool
- **Anvil**: Local Ethereum node
- **Chisel**: Solidity REPL

## Getting Started

1. Install Foundry:

```bash
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
foundryup
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
forge install
```

3. Build the contracts:

```bash
forge build
```

4. Run tests:

```bash
forge test
```

## Deployment

To deploy to a testnet (e.g., Sepolia):

```bash
forge script script/BleuNFT.s.sol:BleuNFTScript --rpc-url <your_rpc_url> --private-key <your_private_key>
```

## Contract Verification

After deployment, verify your contract:

```bash
forge verify-contract <deployed-address> src/BleuNFT.sol:BleuNFT --chain sepolia
```

## Testing

Run the test suite:

```bash
forge test
```

Generate gas snapshots:

```bash
forge snapshot
```

## Local Development

Start a local node:

```bash
anvil
```

## Contract Interaction

Use Cast to interact with deployed contracts:

```bash
# Mint an NFT
cast send --rpc-url <rpc_url> --private-key <private_key> <contract_address> "mint()"

# Stake an NFT
cast send --rpc-url <rpc_url> --private-key <private_key> <contract_address> "stake(uint256)" <token_id>
```

## Additional Resources

- [Foundry Book](https://book.getfoundry.sh/)
- [OpenZeppelin Docs](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/)

Commit message:

feat: separate nft and staker contracts

apps/contracts/README.md, after:

# Bleu NFT Staking Contract

This directory contains the smart contract implementation for the Bleu NFT staking challenge. The contract allows users to mint NFTs and stake/unstake them.

## Key Features

- ERC721 NFT implementation (`BleuNFT`)
- Minting functionality
- Staking/Unstaking capabilities
- Event emissions for tracking state changes

## Contract Architecture

The contract `BleuNFT` inherits from OpenZeppelin's ERC721 and can implement custom methods like:
- `mint()`: Allows users to mint new NFTs

The `BleuNFTStaker` is the main stacking logic to be implement. This contract should hold the `BleuNFT` tokens while they are active. This contract also inherits from OpenZeppelin's ERC721 to represent the staked position.
- `stake()`: Enables NFT staking
- `unstake()`: Allows withdrawal of staked NFTs

## Development Tools

This project uses Foundry for development and testing:

- **Forge**: Testing framework
- **Cast**: Contract interaction tool
- **Anvil**: Local Ethereum node
- **Chisel**: Solidity REPL

## Getting Started

1. Install Foundry:

```bash
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
foundryup
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
forge install
```

3. Build the contracts:

```bash
forge build
```

4. Run tests:

```bash
forge test
```

## Deployment

To deploy to a testnet (e.g., Sepolia):

```bash
forge script script/BleuNFT.s.sol:BleuNFTScript --rpc-url <your_rpc_url> --private-key <your_private_key>
```

## Contract Verification

After deployment, verify your contract:

```bash
forge verify-contract <deployed-address> src/BleuNFT.sol:BleuNFT --chain sepolia
```

## Testing

Run the test suite:

```bash
forge test
```

Generate gas snapshots:

```bash
forge snapshot
```

## Local Development

Start a local node:

```bash
anvil
```

## Contract Interaction

Use Cast to interact with deployed contracts:

```bash
# Mint an NFT
cast send --rpc-url <rpc_url> --private-key <private_key> <contract_address> "mint()"

# Stake an NFT
cast send --rpc-url <rpc_url> --private-key <private_key> <contract_address> "stake(uint256)" <token_id>
```

## Additional Resources

- [Foundry Book](https://book.getfoundry.sh/)
- [OpenZeppelin Docs](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/)
